=============================================
 callirhoe - high quality calendar rendering
        (c) 2012-2015 George Tzoumas
     https://geotz.github.io/callirhoe/
=============================================

QUICK INSTALLATION GUIDE

CONTENTS
 1) FROM COMPRESSED ARCHIVE
 2) FROM GITHUB
 3) INSTALLING INTO BINARY PATH
 4) INSTALLATION FOR ARCH LINUX

(rough installation guide for novice users...)

1) FROM COMPRESSED ARCHIVE

Download the latest version from the project's page.

You end up with a file named callirhoe-vX.Y.Z-gID.tar.gz or .zip where 
X.Y.Z the version number (for example 0.4.2) and ID the commit ID
(depending on how you obtained the archive).

Extract the contents of the archive
$ tar zxf callirhoe-vX.Y.Z-gID.tar.gz

Change into program's directory
$ cd geotz-callirhoe-ID

Now you can launch the program, e.g.

$ ./callirhoe.py foo.pdf

See section 3 for how to install callirhoe so that it lies in your
executable path.

2) FROM GITHUB

Checkout the latest version from github. Most probably you want only the
master branch (unless you also want to download the website with  over
100MB of pregenerated calendars!):

$ git clone -b master --single-branch https://github.com/geotz/callirhoe.git

Change into directory

$ cd callirhoe

After a few days/weeks/months... you may update to the latest version:

$ git pull

You can launch the program as usual:

$ ./callirhoe.py foo.pdf

3) INSTALLING INTO BINARY PATH

You can add a link to your path, $HOME/bin or /usr/local/bin:

$ ln -s `pwd`/callirhoe.py $HOME/bin/callirhoe

You can do the same with calmagick.py. You may also install it
system-wide, for example in /opt. In this case, keep in mind, that
~/.callirhoe/ is also searched for additional definitions, styles etc.

If you do not plan to mess with the source, you may create a binary
python package. This is not exactly a binary, it is a zip archive
containing compiled python bytecode, which is quite compact. To do so,
simply run:

$ make

This will create two executables, 'callirhoe' and 'calmagick'. Now you
can install them into your binary path as follows:

$ make install

this will typically install to /usr/local/bin (and the holiday files into
/usr/local/share/callirhoe/holidays). You can specify another prefix:

$ make install DESTDIR=/my/other/dir

Now you can remove the source dir, as it is no longer needed. 

4) INSTALLATION FOR ARCH LINUX

There is a PKGBUILD file you can use to install. Normally you get just
the PKGBUILD from the webpage from AUR
(https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/callirhoe/). It is also included in
the source distribution, but this is a bit redundant (see below).

Place the PKGBUILD into a directory and run:

$ makepkg -si

( -s will automatically install missing depedencies; also note that this
will redownload the source from the svn )

Arch will do the rest for you.

In the unlikely event that you don't have "makepkg" already installed
you can find information about it's installation here: 

https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Arch_User_Repository
